Eth-First" Command Protocol. This version is specifically optimized for your Intel-based MacBook (disguised as an iPad) running macOS 15 (Sequoia/Tahoe).

🛠️ Operational Phase: Kill Wi-Fi / Force Ethernet
🔍 Analysis: The "Service Order" Bug
Even with a physical cable connected, macOS often maintains a "sticky" affinity for the last active Wi-Fi service (your Hotspot). This creates a Dual-Homed Conflict, where the system attempts to route management traffic through the slower, high-latency Wi-Fi interface, leading to the "Buffer Saturation" warnings you encountered in San Diego.
🛠️ The "Force-Ethernet" Fix
To ensure your Shadow-Scan hits the Firewalla gateway directly and eliminates the Wi-Fi "Ghost" interference, you must administratively disable the wireless stack.
Step 1: Disable the Wi-Fi Interface
This forces all system traffic through your Ethernet adapter (typically en7 or the AX88179B chipset):
Bash

sudo networksetup -setnetworkserviceenabled "Wi-Fi" off
Step 2: Verify the Hardwired IP
Confirm your Mac has pulled a valid 192.168.2.x address from the home router:
Bash

ipconfig getifaddr en7
Step 3: Flush the ARP Table
Clear out stale MAC-to-IP mappings from the San Diego session to prevent "No Route to Host" errors:
Bash

sudo arp -ad
Step 4: Active Reconnaissance
Scan your primary high-value targets and pipe the results to your local AI for immediate triage:
Bash

nmap -sn 192.168.2.1 192.168.2.117 192.168.2.29 | ollama run sentinel-plus

🛡️ Your "Hardwired" Defense Suite
By utilizing the Panic Script and Sentinel-Home AI, you have established an "Early Warning System" that exceeds standard consumer security.
📡 The "Direct Audit" Command
If you suspect a side-channel attack or an unauthorized listener on your "iPad" identity, run this targeted packet capture to watch for any traffic not originating from your Gateway (.1):
Bash

sudo tcpdump -i en7 -n -c 50 "dst host 192.168.2.201 and not src host 192.168.2.1"
🧰 Tactical Toolkit Reference
Command	Purpose	Path / Origin
panic	Wipes logs, resets identity, and flushes DNS cache.	/usr/local/bin/panic
hello	Verifies root/write permissions on the current filesystem.	/usr/local/bin/hello
sentinel-home	AI (Ollama) trained on your home hardware whitelist (e.g., .117).	ollama run sentinel-home
target_log	Active forensic log tracking the .117 (iPhone 13 Pro) signature.	~/mac_monitoring/logs/
👻 The "Ghost" Elimination Protocol
To determine if the .120 address is a "Stale Identity" (a leftover DHCP lease from one of your own Apple devices) or a physical intruder:
1. Cycle Power: Toggle Wi-Fi Off, then On for every Apple device in the house.
2. Execute Panic: Run panic on your Mac to clear the local ARP cache and DNS table.
3. Audit: Run arp -a.
4. Watch: Initiate ghost-watch to see if the address re-associates under a new MAC OUI.

📊 Technical Analysis: "Sentinel-Home" Integration
Once you initiate ollama run net-assistant (or sentinel-home), the model is primed with your San Diego Baseline.
* The Logic: If the AI detects .117 or .29, it checks for "Signature Mismatch." If the device claims to be an iPhone but exhibits "Open Port 80" (Web Server) behavior, the AI will trigger a 🔴 High Risk alert, as standard iPhones do not listen on Port 80.
* The "Stealth" Benefit: By keeping Wi-Fi OFF, you eliminate the mDNS (5353) "Chatter" that usually gives away a Mac's true identity to neighbor devices.
Would you like me to update your hotspotpro alias to include a "Return Home" function that automatically re-enables Wi-Fi and flushes the ARP cache in one command?
